hey Michelle this is Chris on each other
the video of the Jeep we've been talking
about make make sure we uh our time at
the same one which I'm pretty sure we
are but this is it 2010 Jeep Wrangler
Unlimited Sahara Black Bull wheel drive
as you can see there's the hardtop on it
there's the freedom top three piece that
you're asking about you have the chrome
taillight protectors on it as well
running boards along the Jeep you have a
chrome nerf bar on it kind of walk
around real quick see a good look at the
outside of it
on the limited you know you do have your
color keyed over fenders not the plastic
ones they're the the other metal have
your front tow hooks on the vehicle
and I'm gonna picture the stuck number
just Jay 177
for sure alloy wheels on it as well
sure key for the vehicle have your
keyless entry so lock and unlock
features about your panic button step
inside real quick take a look at it and
all your power door locks your cruise
control on the vehicle and it's your
front dash and see your power windows
right there along with your am/fm CD
changer now one thing you did calling
about this mornin ask me about it isn't
automatic as you can see which is kind
of odd that being pulled up as a manual
and there's your full drive shift on
this as well get it started up real
quick we'll check the miles on it for
you
make sure the doors closed well there we
go as you can see it only has seven
miles on it so I probably this point I
don't think it's even been test strip
and once yet other than the person taken
from the factory to the truck to the
Train and to here so not a whole lot of
miles at all what you'd expect on a new
vehicle and there's your temperature
reading from the outside they're going
to have the upgraded value on this
vehicle so you're going to have your
speakers up in the front corners of your
- there as well as your soundbar all the
way across which is a very nice feature
Oh - Jeep myself I wish I had that at
the time I purchased mine but I didn't
saw your rear seating area and then as
you can see there's you know one of the
format's still wrapped up so how do you
been opened yet
your center console on the inside open
that up for you so you get a look inside
there what's on the inside of the center
console there's going to be a two level
so you do have a lot of space if you
want to put things underneath or you
have the room on top as well to place
things that closed sure outlets if you
have anything to plug in or maybe a mp3
player a CD player or charge your cell
phone and they're pretty tight but
there's one and then you also have
another one in the front so you got two
of them the button for your caution
lights as well as this is going to be an
off switch
where your stability control on your
vehicle I probably won't ever really
turn that off but if you ever feel the
need you can steering wheel itself it's
going to be
you know it's gonna be a tilt wheel so
you go just it too you know how are you
preferred to drive it what's comfortable
for you and this is gonna be you know
the inside of your freedom top and
that's gonna be the to where it latches
into the front for the front section of
it and there's going to be the release
for the first part of it anyway it's one
get your little video make sure you know
that you know we are looking at the
right vehicle it does have the right
equipment on it and it should it read
write on the website when you looked at
the window sticker but I know it's a
little odd when it doesn't pull up
correctly as you know as far as the bank
of stuff goes but you know if you have
any questions give me a call and I will
be happy to answer them for you
thank you and hope talk to you soon bye